---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2015-12-30T00:11:51.869Z'
dateModified: '2015-12-30T00:11:38.379Z'
title: "I AM TEDDY. \_ \_"
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-12-30-i-am-teddy.md
published: true
url: i-am-teddy/index.html
_type: Article

---
**About Teddy**

Hello and welcome to Teddy's World!  

**Sit Back, Relax, and ENJOY the Ride!  \#LifeisGood!**

Caution!  Teddy's rambling thoughts below.  

If it doesn't make sense...It's only because you don't know me yet! For all of you that do know me...Well,  you'll get it..and if you don't, let's talk...I love to talk...**AND**_LISTEN_as well....\#**WORKinPROGESS**! :)

**\#HappyRubs to ALL!**

# **

I AM TEDDY.    **

[****][0]

[**Phillipians 2:1-11**][0]

I have been a professional massage therapist since 1997 specializing in "changing my client's normal".

Don't understand?  Want to know more?  Read on...  

I have developed and continue to improve my "hands-on" skills using trigger point therapy techniques.

These massage therapy techniques are used to:

* ### **

REDUCE PAIN **
* ### **

IMPROVE RANGE OF MOTION**
* ### **

ENHANCE YOUR OVERALL HEALTH AND WELLNESS  **

I work with each of my clients to carefully design and implement, personalized self-care strategies to reduce stress and restore health and wellness by improving the function of the soft-tissues.  While I have been doing this for quite some time now, I feel as if I am just scratching the surface (there's a whole lot that I don't know...yet).  But, I do know this.  I know that I am thankful for the gifts that I am blessed with and for new opportunities.  I love my family and the work that I am called to do each day.

In over
null

as a professional massage therapist, I have found the following to be true.

### **

THE BEST OUTCOMES FOR MY CLIENTS OCCUR WHEN WE HAVE:**

* ### **

HONEST COMMUNICATION**
  * goals for treatment are discussed and set
  * realistic plan that is thoughtfully designed and implemented
  * plan is reviewed and revised, when necessary
* ### **COLLABORATION WITH OTHER HEALTH AND WELLNESS PROFESSIONALS**
  * open-minded
  * solution-oriented
  * competent practitioners
  * client goals and expectations are met and/or exceeded
* ### **CLIENT COMPLIANCE**
  * self-care techniques
  * diet and exercise
  * hydration
  * proper rest and recovery
* ### REALISTIC TIME FRAMES TO ACHIEVE GOALS
  * short term
  * long term

I have been fortunate enough to work in a wide-variety of settings to hone my craft and skills as a professional massage therapist.  

It has been a privilege to treat fantastic clients and to work in collaboration with many excellent professionals though-out the years.  I look forward to continuing my pursuit of excellence in the years to come.

* numerous athletic trainers
* 9 chiropractors
* 5 personal trainers
* 3 acupuncturists
* 2 nutrition/lifestyle coaches
* 1 homeopath
* lots of yoga instructors-------------side note: take care of your tools! (body)
* multiple physical therapists
* thousands of weekend warriors
* hundreds of NCAA Division I student-athletes
* many world-class athletes
* a few professional athletes
* a couple of Olympians

I have also provided chair massage therapy at trade-shows, health fairs, schools, small businesses, conventions, and Fortune 500 companies throughout my career.  If you are interested in having chair massage therapists at your next event please [email me][1] the details.

## 

I AM TRYING TO SOLVE AN "UNSOLVABLE PUZZLE" WITH EACH OF MY CLIENTS.  

**Fyi- The "unsolvable puzzle" is your health and wellness**

While that may appear to be rather bleak, depressing and/or frustrating, because the puzzle is never fully pieced together, It's doesn't have to be.  At least, it's not to me. I love this stuff!  The pieces are constantly changing shape and don't quite fit together as nicely as a textbook would have them.  However, as I dig deeper and try to reconfigure all the pieces of your body, mind and spirit, we can,**together**, improve your "normal"- one day at a time.  I would love the opportunity to reconfigure your "pieces" and**attempt**to solve your "unsolvable puzzle".  While we may not completely solve your puzzle,  I am confident that the journey towards better health and wellness will be a great adventure!  I sincerely look forward re-creating your "normal"!  My experience tells me that you will feel better tomorrow than you do today...even if your body is a little tender! :)  

**\#hydrate**&**\#selfcare**(yes, I will probably give ya a little homework)

As I build close relationships with the people that I come in contact with, I am constantly being changed, renewed, and energized on my personal quest to make a difference.  I am continually (personally and professionally) trying to define, re-define, and re-fine my pursuit of_real_joy and happiness in this life and would like to share that joy with you! 

You will find that I am not only competent in what I do, but that I actually do care...I want to get to know everything about you.  

* What are your hopes and dreams?
* Your goals?
* What drives you?
* What are some of your hurdles that you would like to leap over? (or,  just barrel on through)?

****

**When you become a client, you become family! **

My
null

is to:

* assist you in reducing your stress
* decrease, manage and God-willing, eliminate your pain
* restore function to your soft-tissues
* help you maintain your health and wellness for life.

My
null

is to have a profound impact on your life. 

If this sounds a "little weird" or "corny", wonderful! The sooner that you figure out that
null

, the sooner I can help you!  I may be weird or corny, but only in the sense that I actually do care about you!

### **_I_**_**ACTUALLY DO GIVE A**__**CRAP**_

ABOUT YOUR LIFE!  AMAZING,  I KNOW!  I REALLY DO WANT TO SEE YOU FLOURISH IN ALL ASPECTS OF IT...IN YOUR BODY, IN YOUR MIND AND IN YOUR SPIRIT.  IF YOU'RE STILL READING THIS, I THINK WE CAN HELP YOU PUT ALL OF THOSE ASPECTS INTO BETTER BALANCE!

I am honored and humbled by the people that I come in contact with everyday, the people that I have an opportunity to work with, who place their trust in me to help them on their journey towards better health and wellness.   

I am re-thinking, re-working, and re-branding everything that I do.  I have been pondering the following questions for many years now.  "How do I to find better balance and more fulfillment in my work and family life?"  And, "How can I help others do the same"?  TWO WORDS.....

# 

INJECT JOY!

**\*\*\*extra word of caution...continuing to read on may make you a little nervous or twitchy...proceed only if you're comfortable with being uncomfortable.\*\*\***

I have been seeking to align my personal life, my faith and my values to more accurately represent who God wants me to be today, and where He is leading me tomorrow.  While I know that I am going in the right direction, I admit that have a whole lot to learn and change as I continue to seek God's will for my family and life.  While it is not always easy, continuing to develop all aspects of my life sure is rewarding.  With that, I sleep very well each night knowing, by the grace of God, my final destination.

Do you know yours?.............Deep thought?...Yeah, I know!  It's meant to be, silly...

Are you lost, broken, or missing-in-action?  Let's get together

and have a friendly conversation over a beer or a cup of coffee.  I would really like to meet with you and hear about what's going on in your life.  We can discuss our challenges, failures???, and successes that we've had throughout our lives and how we can move forward and be about God's mission for us.  

If this sounds scary....
null

... no pressure from me!  null

## I AM BLESSED.

I am blessed, beyond words, to have been able to work alongside other excellent healthcare professionals-of whom I am deeply grateful and thankful for.  I am most grateful for their patience, understanding and guidance over the years...MANY YEARS!!! (I'm kind of a slow learner-just ask my Mom and Dad...or my in-laws..or my Wife!!! -Love ya Babe!!!

To everyone that I have ever worked with (clients, colleagues, instructors, mentors, ect..) you have blessed me both personally and professionally more than I deserve.  Thank You!

-Teddy

Business/Projects/Ideas

* [McCannSports][2]
* [TimeOutMobile][3]
* [SocialRub][4]
* [The Massage Project][5]
* [Curling News][6]
* [CurlingFAQs][7]
* [Personal Notes][8]

[0]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/serve-with-humility
[1]: mailto:teddy@socialrub.com
[2]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/mccannsports-blog
[3]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/timeoutmobile-blog
[4]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/socialrub-blog
[5]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/the-massage-project-blog
[6]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/curling-news-blog
[7]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/curlingfaqs-blog
[8]: https://teddy-mccann.squarespace.com/personal-notes